### 1.  Why are you interested in programming? What have you done to expose yourself to programming so far?
In the last couple of years I was trying to find what is my true passion, and what would I like to do in my career path. I believe I found the answer a few month ago. I want to be in Tech! I want to do programming! I want my job to impact the future and to improve people life. 
 I was first exposed to software developing a few years ago right when I moved to United States from Israel we were living at my cousin house and he is a computer programing I found it very interesting to peek in his computer and see how he works. Since then I have been curious about coding and programing but never really had the courage to try. About a year ago I start building my website and I really enjoyed the challenge, I took few courses with Code Academy in HTML and CSS and In Kal academy in interdiction to Python. I find it very interesting, I enjoy the challenge, the frustration and success when I able the find a solution. 
###2. If you are accepted into our program, where do you see your career in 5 years?
In the years after school my goal is to be in a big software development company to learn from them how the industry works and to improve my programing skills, down the road I wish to pursue after a career in front end web developer. 
###3. After reading Ada's Vision, Mission and Inclusivity Statement, how will you contribute to Ada's vision for an inclusive and diverse community? 
I was born and raised in a special community in Israel called “Kiboutz”, The Kiboutz Hebrew word for “communal settlement” this is a unique rural community, a society dedicated to mutual aid and social justice, a socioeconomic system based on the principle of joint ownership of property, equality and cooperation of production, consumption and education, the fulfillment of the idea “from each according to his ability, to each according to his needs”.  
I see a lot in common in Ada Mission ideals and the way I grow up: Giving, sharing accepting is part of my life and my beliefs. You can tell from my Resume that working with youth was always a passion of mine I hope that one day I will get the opportunity to volunteer in a young women program to tech and share my computer knowledge, show them what great tools we have and open there mind and think beyond everything they know so far. 
###4. Tell us about a time you made a mistake that you learned a lot from. If you encountered the situation again, what would you do differently?
The mistake I’m going to tell you about is not a technical mistake or related to a computer issue. But I feel the need to share, as it really impact my life.
When I was 18 I was drafted in to the Israeli army as it mandatory, the year before the military you are receiving a letter to home that you need to fill out and return with a list of desires and wish of jobs you would like to do in the time of serving. I did a big mistake and I did not fill out that letter at that time I was completely sure I will proceed a carries in modern dancing and I will not go to military, eventually my carrier dancing left behind and I did get drafted to the military but because I did not fill out my preference they had me where ever needed, and that led me to be working during my military time of 2 years in jobs that not suit my capabilities and knowledge. Looking back I should fill out that letter no matter if I thought I will be in the military or not. Since then I learned not to ignore and taking more thoughts on my future life.

